Hello, and thank you for listening to Desiring God's Messages podcast. This is Tony Reinke, host of the Ask Pastor John podcast here today with an announcement on what's coming up for us at Desiring God.
Aaron Godd in October. Thank you.
It's a series we're calling Here We Stand. Here we stand.
And to explain it,
There's Pastor John.
Five hundred years ago,
A lowly German priest walked up to a church door in Wittenberg.
And posted a document
That altered
The course of history.
It has now been five centuries since Martin Luther stood up and confronted Roman Catholicism with the bright flame of the gospel.
The kindling had been laid for decades.
And Luther's little, almost accidental spark soon set all of Europe.
A blaze.
In time
This lowly monk proved he had what it takes to hold his ground against the church and the world.
And under God the sparks that flew from the anvil of his tongue,
Lit the fires of a global reformation.
In one especially memorable scene,
He stood before the Emperor and declared courageously, risking his own life.
Here I stand.
I can do no other.
So help me, God!
But Luther did not stand alone.
The Reformation was not about one or two or three big names, Luther, Calvin, Zwingli.
But about a massive movement of Christian conviction, boldness.
And joy!
That cost many men and women their lives.
And scattered the seeds of gospel truth that are still bearing eternal fruit in the twenty-first century.
Not only was Luther surrounded by reformers in Germany and Switzerland, but lesser-known heroes of the faith rose up all over Europe.
Heinrich Bullinger, Hugh Latimer,
Lady Jane Grey, Theodore Beza, Johannes,
Oculumpetius.
Luther was the battering ram.
But once the war was breached,
The foot soldiers of the Reformation could not be stopped.
And here we stand today.
Five hundred years later,
Luther wasn't alone then, and he's not alone now.
We've created a series of 31 short biographies.
One for every day in October.
The podcast is produced by Desiring God,
In partnership with Bethlehem College and Seminary.
If you want to learn more about the Reformation and be inspired by Christian heroes, men and women, famous and almost unknown,
Subscribe to Huey Stand or visit
Desiring God org forward slash
Stand.
Consider the word of the Lord in Hebrews, thirteen, seven.
Remember your leaders.
Those who spoke to you the word of God.
Consider
The outcome of their way of life.
And imitate.
Their faith.
Amen. DesiringGod.org forward slash stand. Thank you.
Is the web address or just go to our site DesiringGone.org and click on the banner at the top of the screen. However you get there, I hope you will join us in October.
For here we stand.